hey guys is your tech head with a review
of the coach I guess you would say
headphones disk focus right there oops
right there that's the brand name right
here um really nice headphones
noise-cancelling yeah this is the box
they came in right here you can see
which one it is if you want to get these
yeah a little thing i don't like about
this is you can't really keep them
organized see like right here you got
one band is longer like right here the
left one is a shorter shorter a wire
then left then right one me and say show
it like this and see it ends right at
that just out right here where they
split up because the the right one is
supposed to go behind your ear I don't
really like that but I can just settle
for just putting in front of myself I
actually already broke the right one I
believe so this one doesn't work but
that is my fault because when i get
bored i just like wrapping around my
finger like this i don't know why but
that's what i do and yes i'll just show
you how loud they are compared to the
regular speaker of the ipod and i'm
going to show you it compared to the
actual headphones that come with a dye
pots so i'm just going to plug this in
or play the song and you can see how it
sounds actually i put the headphones in
first
now I'll just pipe this be first all
right here we go all right that's the
thing right now I'll put both speakers
like right next to the thing put them on
full blast again also a ver anything
right here they have an extra thing not
voice man it's just like you turn the
volume up and down till demonstrate in a
second that's all the way on max really
can't hear it so it's not really
speakers it's still here that's pretty
loud and you can always turn down
alright so that that's that
get out apple headphones so you can see
what it's like compared to that so yeah
the apples are definitely a lot a lot a
lot a lot louder and but the coach they
are noise canceling headphones so you
won't get any of the other noises but if
you have your ipod all the way up you're
not going to hear any of that noise
background noise also a very nice thing
that comes with this is that they come
with additional headphone rubber things
or whatever and it's pretty nice because
they come with a bigger one for the
bigger the years and then got smaller
ones for like I get the kids and then
they just start out with the medium ones
on yeah they're pretty nice